hey guys I just wanted to make this
quick video my name is John Walters I've
actually been doing a lot of research on
the Samsung BD C 6900 it's the blu-ray
3d player by Samsung I actually found a
review quick little review video on
cnet.com they actually give an all out
review there I just wanted you guys to
check it out hopefully you guys like to
review as much as I did lots of great
features on the Samsung so check it out
Samsung bbc's 6900 this is Samsung's
flagship 3d blu-ray player this
currently has a street price of about
360 dollars as you can see the design is
pretty slick and if you look at the top
of the player you'll see there's a
transparent window to see the spinning
disk drive to kind of emphasize the
players 3d capabilities luckily you can
turn off all that illumination on top in
the settings menu so it's not lighting
up in your home theater all the time if
you turn the player on you'll be able to
see that Samsung has completely
redesigned the user interface and we
actually liked it a lot there's a
woodgrain background and there's big
colorful icons and it's easier to get to
a lot of the streaming services right
off the main menu if you click on the
internet ad TV icon you'll go into
Samsung's new Samsung Apps platform what
that means is that developers are going
to be able to create new programs as
time goes on for the players so you can
add functionality that didn't exist when
you bought it now we don't know how well
this whole new Samsung Apps platform is
going to take off however there's
already a lot of great streaming
services on the player such as Netflix
Vudu Pandora and YouTube so you're
pretty much set as it is already
if you look around back and be able to
check out the connectivity now there's
all the standard ports such as an HDMI
output digital audio output but the big
step up is the 7.1 analog outputs which
are really important because this is a
3d blu-ray player what that means is
that you'll be able to run 3d video over
the HDMI output straight to a 3d TV
and you'll be able to run the audio
straight to maybe an older AV receiver
that can't handle that 3d video format
so it's nice as you'll be able to take
advantage of those high-resolution audio
formats without having to buy a new 3d
compatible AV receiver you'll also
notice there's an Ethernet port on the
back but the BDC 6900 does have built-in
Wi-Fi which makes it a lot easier to
take advantage of all those streaming
media services there's also one gigabyte
of on-board storage so you won't need a
separate USB flash drive to access
bdlive features in terms of disk loading
speeds the BDC 6900 is one of the
fastest blu-ray players that we've
tested this year there's only one faster
blu-ray player that we've tested this
year and it's nice because you won't
have to wait around for discs to load
like you did on some of the first and
second generation blu-ray players that
came out if you want to use the 3d
capabilities of this blu-ray player
you're going to need a new 3d compatible
HDTV and you're going to need 3d glasses
that you're gonna have to wear every
time you watch 3-d content there's also
not that many three movies available
right now and there's only a handful
expected by the end of the year now we
were only able to check out the 3d
functionality of this player using
Samsung's 3d TV and their 3d starter kit
and while it does create a very credible
3d effect that can be quite impressive
at times there are too many artifacts
that we saw that kind of took us out of
the experience I'm Matthew Muscovy a
senior associate editor at cnet.com and
this is the Samsung BBC 6900
you